[AUDIO LOGO]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
a tactical advisor to
covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of nonhuman
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome, Tim.
>>TIM: Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: What is the perspective
of Being 6 about the pyramids?
>>TIM: That's a
fascinating topic, Emery.
So basically we
know that Being 6
is a interfrequential
being outside of time.
So it's operating on
level six consciousness.
So from their perspective,
the whole universe in itself
is covered with these
strange fields of clouds
where paradoxes are going on.
So basically if we look at
this cloud, this version
of the universe that
we're experiencing,
we have this dualism
going on, which
means you, I, everything else.
And that basically
brings certain paradoxes
to this reality, which means
they need to be decided.
And what Being 6 then did
was putting pyramids in place
not only on this planet but
also on different other planets
so that creation or the
creator can observe itself.
So basically, the pyramids,
at least the big one
in Giza is basically meant
to be a technology in order
to observe this reality, this
cloud of potential that Being 6
has seen and wanted
to investigate.
That is also the
reason why this pyramid
is so strongly correlated
with the speed of light.
The top of itself,
you find a lot
of algorithms that deal
with the speed of light
and its function
around the pyramid.
And Being 6 stated
that the pyramid
itself not only has a
materialistic component,
but it also has a inverted
pyramid outside of time that
fulfills or completes this
tetrahedron structure.
We basically cannot see
it because it's not inside
of time.
But that is basically
what Being 6 has told us.
>>EMERY: When you say the
equivalent of outside of time,
you mean the pyramid
we can see in the 3D
but it's also in existence
in another dimension,
you would say?
>>TIM: Yes, that is what
Being 6 told us what
they did with this pyramid.
>>EMERY: And what was the
functions of the pyramid
according to Being 6.
>>TIM: It has quite a multitude
of functions going on.
The first function,
of course, is
to make light observable to
this higher frequential being
that wants to observe its own
paradoxes, its own reality.
So that is basically
the first function.
The second function is in
order to balance and stabilize
the vibrational field of Earth.
That's the reason
why we have all
these different pyramids all
aligned to certain energy lines
on the planet.
The third function was to
harvest certain energies,
subtle energies because
the whole planet itself
has an electromagnetic field.
And there are planes that
have a lot of energy going on.
And those pyramids
basically attract those ions
and bring them
into the pyramids.
And from that, they give
energy to different places
on the Earth.
>>EMERY: What's the correlation
with the alignment of some
of the pyramids in Egypt
with, for instance,
the Orion star system?
>>TIM: That's interesting
because originally, there
was only this one pyramid
which was built there
as the prior and first
pyramid on this planet.
We see then that some species--
some Egyptian species has
built two more pyramids.
And we can see different other
pyramids around the planet.
So the Greys told us that the
reason for this constellation
with Orion was for them to
collect some of the humans
from the previous
version of the cycle.
So basically, Earth goes
through certain cycles.
And those people are all gone.
They're all somewhere, not
on this planet anymore.
And at the end of the
cycle, all these species,
they try to get their hands
on as many of the people.
They describe them
as fruits to us.
So basically all
those beings that
are ready for other
incarnations and stuff.
They are basically like fruits
and get collected from them.
And they use these pyramids, the
three pyramids aligned to Orion
in order to get some of the
bodies out of the planet.
>>EMERY: Did Being 6 indicate
to you who built the pyramids?
>>TIM: Yes, Being 6 basically
told us that he, it's, we,
they are responsible for
building the first pyramid
and that they have certain
members of their collective
that helped building the
pyramids in Mexico as well.
We don't actually know who
basically built them, so which
species, who, which individual.
But basically, Being 6 was part
of the original building team.
We know then that the other
pyramids were built basically
by humans and in a collective
effort with other species
that 15,000 years ago, there
wasn't this travel embargo.
And it was, kind of, more
of an open contact world.
So it wasn't unusual that humans
were building stuff together
along with other species.
>>EMERY: If Being 6
is a non-3D being,
how did they build the pyramids?
>>TIM: Yeah, we asked them that.
And the answer is quite obscure.
They said they thought of it.
So basically it seems to
be a mental process to them
to have built the pyramids.
>>EMERY: That makes sense, yeah.
Thought, form.
So manifestation.
>>TIM: And now it
got perpetuated.
And now you got this
kind of specific look.
>>EMERY: The top of the
pyramid has been removed
and so is the casing
on the outside.
Is that going to affect
the energetic properties
of the pyramid?
>>TIM: Yes, 100%.
By having removed these
two specific elements
of the pyramid, they
basically made sure
that they are not
going to work anymore.
So what we have
is the pyramidion
on top, which is
basically guiding
those subtle energies
towards the different phases
of the pyramid.
And the cover of the pyramid
was actually very important
because it keeps the ions
and the different electrical
charges inside of the
pyramid so that it can
be guided towards the pyramid.
Once that has been
removed, the pyramid
could not hold its energy.
And it gets all over the place.
>>EMERY: It's dispersed out--
>>TIM: It dispersed.
>>EMERY: --to the planet?
>>TIM: Right.
>>EMERY: So if you did
put the capstone back on
and the casing, what
effect would that have?
>>TIM: It would have tremendous
effect in certain ways.
So basically, you
put the pyramid back
into functionality.
It would work again.
It would affect very strongly
the energetical field of Earth
and itself in a positive way.
A lot of healing properties
would be in place again.
Basically, meditative
states could
be reached very
easily and also what
we call manifestation process.
So basically our own
thoughts and mental process
that's going to
manifest our reality,
that would work much
stronger and much faster.
>>EMERY: If the pyramid was
completely intact again,
who would benefit from
that, the extraterrestrials,
the human beings on the planet?
>>TIM: Good question.
It would benefit life.
So basically, it would create a
very positive and very healing
energetical field
that you could utilize
in whatever way you want it.
So it could heal people,
potentially humans, as well as
nonterrestrials.
And it would integrate certain
other, for example, stargates,
jumpgates, so that they
could be used as well.
>>EMERY: We have pyramids
all around the world.
In the Arctic, South America,
are these pyramids, number one,
connected?
Not only that, did
the same people
build all these pyramids?
>>TIM: Yes, they
are all connected
not only on this planet but
even on other planets as well.
You can see that
Mars, for example,
has pyramidal structures and
potentially every other planet
as well.
Yes, we see they are connected.
And they have done that for a
purpose of distributing energy
through the whole body of
Earth, which is basically
the thought that Nikola
Tesla in the 1920s
had when he wanted to charge
the whole Earth so you can
basically have energy
in the wild desert of I
don't know where.
And you could connect
to that energy
on every place on the world.
So this is basically what
happened with the pyramids.
Are they all built
by the same people?
No, they are not.
So we know that the first
pyramid which is in Giza
was the initial pyramid that
was placed there in order
to observe life itself
probably before there were even
people on this planet.
So the pyramid came first.
>>EMERY: Are the pyramids
functional on other timelines?
And how would that work?
>>TIM: So what we know is--
and this is very complicated.
But Being 6 described
to us that the pyramids
have different equivalents
on different other timelines.
And they're all connected
through this outside-of-time
grid that's going on there.
So the pyramids, they do not
only connect in physical space
but outside of it as well.
What would that indicate?
What would it be for?
It could be utilized in
order to bring something
from one dimension into
another dimension that
could very well be made use of.
But other than that, I couldn't
think of any possible function.
>>EMERY: Do they
mention pyramids
being not just in our galaxy but
other galaxies, other planets?
And are they connected?
>>TIM: Oh, yes.
So basically what
Being 6 told us
is that everywhere in this
version of the universe that
is heavily based
upon visual light,
we see pyramids everywhere
on almost every planet
because it has to do with the
functionality of observing
nature in itself.
If they are used in other
versions of the universe that
is not connected to
sunlight, we don't know.
We don't know.
It might be some different other
geometrical structure there.
We know there are
universes that are heavily
focused on acoustic signals.
So they might have
an equivalent,
a geometrical equivalent to that
but interwoven in a sound wave.
That could be true.
>>EMERY: You mentioned
earlier the pyramid
being a tetrahedron shape.
And what's the significance
of that here on Earth?
>>TIM: Yes, so what
they told us is
that there are
certain polygons that
are used to make up reality
the way we can perceive it.
And that geometrical
form is basically
a tetrahedron, which
is two pyramids stacked
over each other.
So this is basically some of
the underlying geometrical form
of how reality builds itself.
Yeah, and we see that
resembling in the pyramids.
>>EMERY: Is there any
significance, Tim,
to modern day pyramids
like the Louvre in Paris?
>>TIM: Well, I don't know
if there is a secretive plan
or something to build pyramids.
It would probably be much
easier to rebuild those
that are already in place.
But yes, so the pyramids,
for example, in Paris
is basically built
upon the pyramids
that they have found in Giza.
So it can function the same
way the pyramids in Giza
have functioned.
So anyone who builds
these pyramids-- and we
know, for example, that
in the United Kingdom,
the royal house,
the royal family,
they have built the
pyramids as well.
So yeah, they function.
>>EMERY: Does it matter what
the pyramid is made out of?
>>TIM: Yes, it does.
It does matter.
So basically-- and this
is pretty fascinating.
I found that pretty
fascinating, Being 6
told us about how to build
your own pyramid at home.
And yes, the material matters.
It must be built
in certain phases
so you can have this
guidance of energetical flow
that's going through
the pyramid itself.
But yes, it must create a
differential-- a potential so
that the energy can flow.
Yes.
>>EMERY: Why did
Being 6 tell you
how to build a pyramid at home?
>>TIM: The why question,
that's always the hardest.
I'm wondering if Being 6 knew
that at one time or another
I would be able to
share it with people
so they can build something.
But it has gigantic
benefits to it to build it.
And we see a situation
right now where people--
where this travel embargo is
still in place where people
cannot easily leave Earth.
All those stargates that we
have originally on this planet,
they are all sealed.
So maybe Being 6
wants to make sure
that there are devices that
you could build yourself
in your own home with
just a few materials.
And you build your own
pyramid and utilize the powers
that come along with that.
This is not only--
so they describe to us
that having these pyramids
and being in these pyramids
when they are covered.
And they are built very well.
And that the manifestation
process is very accelerated.
And you can even use the
natural-occurring flows
of energies in order to
build your own stargate.
So that would be pretty
awesome if people do that.
>>EMERY: Well, correct
me if I'm wrong.
But the pyramid is a stargate.
And I think maybe
Being 6 wanted people
to be able to meditate
in there and travel,
astrally travel to other places.
>>TIM: That is
actually what I think,
what their motivation is.
In order to prevent the way
this world is structured,
it keeps this technology
away from people.
So basically, the
normal person at home
would probably not get the
hands on certain technology.
So Being 6 told us that's a way
you can do it yourself at home.
>>EMERY: Excellent.
There has been
pyramid-shaped craft
all over the world, the
Kremlin, Washington, DC.
Is there any significance
to the shape of these craft?
>>TIM: Well, yes.
So basically it resembles
some of the geometric forms
that you find in the universe.
Is it a must-have?
No, it is not.
So we see that a lot of other
crafts are roundish in design
or could even have
a abstract form
and will still
work the same way.
They must make sure that the
electromagnetic field that
is around the craft, that
this is intact and is working.
But yes, some species,
they seem to be pretty
obsessed with pyramid shapes.
They use them like for
everything, for the houses,
for the craft.
>>EMERY: Do you
know what species
is behind these pyramidal UFOs?
>>TIM: Yes, so we know
that some of these cases
of pyramidal
structures that just
appear over certain
cities in the world,
that this is not actually
coming from a certain species.
But it's more from a
interfrequential collective
that oversees developments
on this planet.
And they have told
us that they want
to give chance to people
for the mysterium,
the mystery of life
to be observed.
So basically what they do is
it's not a physical mission
that they are on.
But it's more of a
cognitive-spiritual mission.
And they create
certain situations
where people just
observe something.
And it expands their own minds,
expands their own thinking.
So coming from a
human perspective
one might think that
a physical mission has
to have a certain goal, they
want to achieve something.
But this is not the case when
you see certain situations
from interfrequential beings.
They do things, so they get
observed and recognition.
And this is basically it.
>>EMERY: We see pyramids being
built throughout history.
Why isn't it that
today that Being 6
is not building pyramids today?
>>TIM: Yes, so Being 6
made it very clearly to us
that the time of
pyramids is over,
that basically they fulfilled
a certain functionality
in the past, and that the beings
that inhabit this planet right
now, humans, are
capable of doing
spiritual work with themselves
with their own bodies.
Their own bodies
are capable of doing
manifestation and meditation
and all those things.
So why they say
that, the pyramids
still would be functional
and very positive
if we rebuild those structures.
They also say that they
are not necessary anymore
because the body,
the human body itself
is capable of doing all the
functionality of the pyramid
itself.
>>EMERY: Did Being 6 ever
mention the human body
being a pyramid?
>>TIM: No, they didn't mention
the human body being a pyramid.
They mentioned it to be
a very productive tool
that needs to grow with
yourself, with your awareness
and your soul, and that you can
perform quasi-wondrous things
with your body in itself.
And they gave some
examples of that.
And this is mind-blowing.
So basically they
said that when you're
going in a deep
meditation, you can
create your own electromagnetic
field around yourself
so that you basically
can levitate and even
use your body for
interstellar travel yourself.
So no pyramid needed for that.
But I think this is some
meditation work that
needs a lot of practice.
And we need to upgrade
the whole collective first
before people--
it can easily alter
reality this much.
>>EMERY: Do you
think the government
is using pyramid technology
in their secret programs?
>>TIM: I basically don't know.
But I know that
certain groups are
very interested in understanding
the way the pyramids work.
And we've done a lot
of research on that
because basically the
functions of the pyramids
are pretty much unlimited.
You can use it to heal.
You can use it to manifest.
You can use it to
send information
throughout different dimensions.
So yes, I think that it would
be natural to use everything
you've learned from the
pyramids and apply it
on your own technology.
But I don't have
information specifically.
>>EMERY: People are talking
about the possibility
of additional chambers yet to be
discovered in the Giza pyramid.
Has Being 6 ever mentioned
anything about this to you?
>>TIM: Yes, 100%.
They have told us that there are
more than those chambers that
are already known.
And they fulfill
different purposes.
So basically, they have healing
chambers that are still not--
>>EMERY: Excavated.
>>TIM: --excavated.
Right.
So basically what
they have done is
they've built certain
chambers where people just
can lay down into a space
looking like a sarcophagus
but it's not.
So it's basically more
like a mat-bed or something
where a human could lay down.
And those things were in place
and in functionality way back.
And they were used
for healing purposes.
So they also told us
that the pyramid in Giza
is different than the
pyramid in Mexico.
And that the pyramid
in Mexico was more
used for community events.
So people-- more than one
person can enter the pyramid
and gets healed.
And that the pyramid
in Giza was much more
an isolated experience
for certain individuals.
>>EMERY: As more
extraterrestrial contact
happens, do you think there's
going to be a revival of more
pyramid technology?
>>TIM: If I had a
wish, I would say
that people should
rebuild the pyramids
and not only take them as
destroyed as they are right now
but make them work again.
I wouldn't say that we
will see much more pyramid
technology over time.
I'm hoping that people
start building pyramids
for themselves.
And that could very well be
done through this blueprint
that Being 6 gave us, which
makes it quite easy to build
something where you can sit
in yourself as long as it has
the covers and the right ground
so that the potential is there.
I would love to see that, yes.
But I don't think
that the government
or some other sources will bring
in more pyramid technology.
>>EMERY: Well, thank you, Tim.
That was fascinating.
>>TIM: Thank you,
Emery, for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]